add resource "azurerm_data_protection_backup_policy_postgresql" (#12072)
terraform-providers/terraform-provider-azurerm: website/docs/r/data_protection_backup_policy_postgresql.html.markdown

* `backup_repeating_time_intervals` - (Required) Specifies a list of repeating time interval. It supports weekly back. It should follow `ISO 8601` repeating time interval. Changing this forces a new Backup Policy PostgreSQL to be created.
  
* `default_retention_duration` - (Required) The duration of default retention rule. It should follow `ISO 8601` duration format. Changing this forces a new Backup Policy PostgreSQL to be created.

---

* `retention_rule` - (Optional) One or more `retention_rule` blocks as defined below. Changing this forces a new Backup Policy PostgreSQL to be created.

---

A `retention_rule` block supports the following:

* `name` - (Required) The name which should be used for this retention rule. Changing this forces a new Backup Policy PostgreSQL to be created.

* `duration` - (Required) Duration after which the backup is deleted. It should follow `ISO 8601` duration format. Changing this forces a new Backup Policy PostgreSQL to be created.

* `tagging_criteria` - (Required) A `tagging_criteria` block as defined below. Changing this forces a new Backup Policy PostgreSQL to be created.

> * `tagging_priority` - (Required) Retention Tag priority. Changing this forces a new Backup Policy Postgre Sql to be created.

Reviewer: `Retention Tag priority` is not a full sentance

> * `tagging_criteria` - (Required) A `tagging_criteria` block as defined below. Changing this forces a new Backup Policy PostgreSQL to be created.
> 
> * `tagging_priority` - (Required) Retention Tag priority. Changing this forces a new Backup Policy Postgre Sql to be created.

Reviewer: do we really need tagging here? it makes little sense and is confusing how about:
```suggestion
* `criteria` - (Required) A `tagging_criteria` block as defined below. Changing this forces a new Backup Policy PostgreSQL to be created.

* `priority` - (Required) Retention Tag priority. Changing this forces a new Backup Policy Postgre Sql to be created.
```

so we get retention.criteria

Author: Great, I'll modify it.

---
subcategory: "DataProtection"
layout: "azurerm"
page_title: "Azure Resource Manager: azurerm_data_protection_backup_policy_postgresql"
description: |-

>   Manages a Backup Policy Postgre Sql.

Reviewer: grammar and not enough detail here

Reviewer: also its `PostgreSQL` could we fix this everywhere

---

# azurerm_data_protection_backup_policy_postgresql

> Manages a Backup Policy Postgre Sql.

Reviewer: same here

## Example Usage

```hcl
resource "azurerm_resource_group" "rg" {
  name     = "example-resources"
  location = "West Europe"
}

resource "azurerm_data_protection_backup_vault" "example" {
  name                = "example-backup-vault"
  resource_group_name = azurerm_resource_group.rg.name
  location            = azurerm_resource_group.rg.location
  datastore_type      = "VaultStore"
  redundancy          = "LocallyRedundant"
}

resource "azurerm_data_protection_backup_policy_postgresql" "example" {
  name                = "example-backup-policy"
  resource_group_name = azurerm_resource_group.rg.name

>   vault_name          = azurerm_data_protection_backup_vault.example.name

Reviewer: should we merge this and just take the `azurerm_data_protection_backup_vault.example.id` value and pull the rest out?

Author: I think it's not necessary, it only reduces one argument.

* `backup_rules` - (Required) A `backup_rules` block as defined below. Changing this forces a new Backup Policy Postgre Sql to be created.

* `default_retention_duration` - (Required) The duration of default retention rule. It should follow `ISO 8601` duration format. Changing this forces a new Backup Policy Postgre Sql to be created.

---

* `retention_rules` - (Optional) One or more `retention_rules` blocks as defined below. Changing this forces a new Backup Policy Postgre Sql to be created.

---

A `backup_rules` block supports the following:

* `name` - (Required) The name which should be used for this backup rule. Changing this forces a new Backup Policy Postgre Sql to be created.

* `repeating_time_intervals` - (Required) Specifies a list of repeating time interval. It should follow `ISO 8601` repeating time interval . Changing this forces a new Backup Policy Postgre Sql to be created.

---

A `retention_rules` block supports the following:

* `name` - (Required) The name which should be used for this retention rule. Changing this forces a new Backup Policy Postgre Sql to be created.

> * `duration` - (Required) Duration of deletion after given timespan. It should follow `ISO 8601` duration format. Changing this forces a new Backup Policy Postgre Sql to be created.

Reviewer: should this be
```suggestion
* `duration` - (Required) Duration after which the backup is deleted. It should follow `ISO 8601` duration format. Changing this forces a new Backup Policy Postgre Sql to be created.
```

* `tagging_criteria` - (Required) A `tagging_criteria` block as defined below. Changing this forces a new Backup Policy Postgre Sql to be created.

* `tagging_priority` - (Required) Retention Tag priority. Changing this forces a new Backup Policy Postgre Sql to be created.

---

> A `tagging_criteria` block supports the following:

Reviewer: what does tagging mean? it seems this is "when to run a backup?"

Author: Yes

Author: No, when to run a backup is decided by `backup_rules's repeating_time_intervals`.

And `tagging_criteria` defines "which backup should be retained"

Reviewer: could we add something here to make that clear? like
```suggestion
A `retention_tagging_policy` block supports the following:
```

> * `absolute_criteria` - (Optional) Possible values are `AllBackup`, `FirstOfDay`, `FirstOfWeek`, `FirstOfMonth` and `FirstOfYear`. Changing this forces a new Backup Policy Postgre Sql to be created.

Reviewer: what does `absolute_criteria` mean in this context here? could we detail this?

Author: It's a kind of tagging criteria (when to run a backup). For example, `FirstOfDay` means it will backup everyday and use the first successful backup of the day. I'll add explanations to these values.

Author: It's a kind of tagging criteria (which backup should be retained). For example, FirstOfDay means retain the first successful backup of the day. I'll add explanations to these values.

* `days_of_month` - (Optional) One or more `days_of_month` blocks as defined above. Changing this forces a new Backup Policy Postgre Sql to be created.

> * `days_of_the_week` - (Optional) Possible values are `Monday`, `Tuesday`, `Thursday`, `Friday`, `Saturday` and `Sunday`. Changing this forces a new Backup Policy Postgre Sql to be created.

Reviewer: this is not consistant,
```suggestion
* `days_of_week` - (Optional) Possible values are `Monday`, `Tuesday`, `Thursday`, `Friday`, `Saturday` and `Sunday`. Changing this forces a new Backup Policy Postgre Sql to be created.
```

* `months_of_year` - (Optional) Possible values are `January`, `February`, `March`, `April`, `May`, `June`, `July`, `August`, `September`, `October`, `November` and `December`. Changing this forces a new Backup Policy Postgre Sql to be created.

> * `schedule_times` - (Optional) Specifies a list of schedule times for backup. It should follow `RFC3339` time format. Changing this forces a new Backup Policy Postgre Sql to be created.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `scheduled_backup_times` - (Optional) Specifies a list of backup times for backup in the `RFC3339` format. Changing this forces a new Backup Policy Postgre Sql to be created.
```

> * `weeks_of_the_month` - (Optional) Possible values are `First`, `Second`, `Third`, `Fourth` and `Last`. Changing this forces a new Backup Policy Postgre Sql to be created.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `weeks_of_month` - (Optional) Possible values are `First`, `Second`, `Third`, `Fourth` and `Last`. Changing this forces a new Backup Policy Postgre Sql to be created.
```

---

> A `days_of_month` block is day of the month from 1 to 28 otherwise last of month, it supports the following:

Reviewer: 28? what about months that have 30 days?

Author: days_of_month is not used to backup postgresql anymore in portal, I'll remove it.

* `date` - (Optional) Date of the month. Changing this forces a new Backup Policy Postgre Sql to be created.

> * `is_last` - (Optional) Whether Date is last date of month. Changing this forces a new Backup Policy Postgre Sql to be created.

Reviewer: would it make sense to pull these out and instead have a days_of_month = [1,2,3] & day_of_month_last = true ? or overload it and have -1 be last day?

Author: days_of_month is not used to backup postgresql anymore in portal, I'll remove it.
